Updates to Operator instructions (#175)
casper-network/docs: source/docs/casper/operators/setup.md

# Basic Node Setup

A node is setup using the `casper-node-launcher` package, which sets up the directory structure and installs all the necessary files.  

## Casper Node Launcher {#casper-node-launcher}

> The node software is run from the `casper-node-launcher` package. This can be installed with a Debian package, which also creates the Casper user, creates directory structures and sets up a _systemd_ unit and _logrotate_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The node software is run from the `casper-node-launcher` package. This can be installed with a Debian package, which also creates the `casper` user, creates directory structures, and sets up a _systemd_ unit and _logging_.
```

:::

The following is the state of the filesystem after installing the `casper-client` and `casper-node-launcher` Debian packages, and also after running the script _/etc/casper/pull_casper_node_version.sh_:

### `/usr/bin` {#usrbin}

The default location for executables from the Debian package install is `/usr/bin`.

-   `casper-client` - A client for interacting with the Casper network
-   `casper-node-launcher` - The launcher application which starts the `casper-node` as a child process

### `/etc/casper` {#etccasper}

This is the default location for configuration files. It can be overwritten with the `CASPER_CONFIG_DIR` environment variable. The paths in this document assume the default configuration file location of `/etc/casper`. The data is organized as follows:

-   **delete_local_db.sh** - Removes _*.lmdb*_ from `/var/lib/casper/casper-node`

-   **pull_casper_node_version.sh** \<protocol*version> \<network_name> - Pulls `bin.tar.gz` and `config.tar.gz` from [genesis.casperlabs.io](http://genesis.casperlabs.io/) for a protocol package; decompresses them into `/var/lib/bin/<protocol_version>` and `/etc/casper/<protocol_version>`, and removes the *\*.tar.gz\_ files

> -   **config_from_example.sh** \<protocol*version> - Gets external IP to replace and create the \_config.toml* from _config-example.toml_ 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **config_from_example.sh** \<protocol*version> - Gets external IP to replace and create the \_config.toml* from _config-example.toml_ 

-   **node_util.py** - A script that will be replacing other scripts and is the preferred method of performing the actions of `pull_casper_node_version.sh`, `config_from_example.sh`, and `delete_local_db.sh`.  Other scripts will be deprecated in future releases of `casper-node-launcher`.
```

    -   **config-example.toml** - Example for creating a _config.toml_ file
    -   **config.toml** - Created by a node operator manually or by running _config_from_example.sh \<protocol_version>_

> ### `/var/lib/casper` {#varlibcasper}

Reviewer: We now have db folders for network name.  So we should update this.

`/var/lib/casper/casper-node` is the root folder.
The db files are stored in a directory under this based on network name.  So `/var/lib/casper/casper-node/casper` for mainnet and `/var/lib/casper/casper-node/casper-test` for testnet.

    -   **storage.lmdb-lock**
    -   **unit\_\*** - The node creates one of these files per era

## Node Version Installation {#node-version-installation}

> Included with `casper-node-launcher` Debian package are two scripts to help with installing `casper-node` versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Included with `casper-node-launcher` is `node_util.py` to installing `casper-node` versions.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To stage all current `casper-node` versions we would run:

`sudo -u casper /etc/casper/node_util.py stage_protocols <NETWORK_CONFIG>`

We use `casper.conf` for MainNet and `casper-test.conf` for TestNet.  This will install all currently released protocols in one step.
```

> `/etc/casper/pull_casper_node_version.sh` will pull `bin.tar.gz` and `config.tar.gz` from genesis.casperlabs.io.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

sudo -u casper /etc/casper/pull_casper_node_version.sh 1_0_2
```

This will create `/var/lib/casper/bin/1_0_2/` and expand the `bin.tar.gz` containing at a minimum `casper-node`.

This will create `/etc/casper/1_0_2/` and expand the `config.tar.gz` containing `chainspec.toml`, `config-example.toml`, and possibly `accounts.csv` and other files.

This will remove the archive files and run `/etc/casper/config_from_example.sh 1_0_2` to create a `config.toml` from the `config-example.toml`.

> ### Client Installation {#client-installation}

Reviewer: We need to add this back, but higher in the document as the client is needed for trusted_hash.

Author: A link to the client installation (in Prerequisites) is added within the *Create and Fund Keys* section. The intension was to avoid duplicating the installation instructions in multiple topics.

Author: Added back in [f443a69](https://github.com/casper-network/docs/pull/175/commits/f443a6990732ee526466d27d3913af23895ed9e2).

Provide the path to the secret keys for the node. This is set to `etc/casper/validator_keys/` by default.

### Networking and Gossiping {#networking--gossiping}

The node requires a publicly accessible IP address. We do not recommend NAT at this time. Specify the public IP address of the node. If you use the `config_from_example.sh` external services are called to find your IP and this is inserted into the created `config.toml`.

> 

Reviewer: A second argument to config_from_example.sh allows IP for NAT setups.   node_util.py stage_protocols <CONFIG> --ip <IP> address does the same thing.  So NAT is fully supported.
